chore(release): Automated agent release notes (v1.0.8) (#1197)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-service/agent-service-v-1-0-8.md

---
title: v1.0.8 Armory Agent Service (2022-02-05)
toc_hide: true
version: 01.00.08

---

> ### Fixes
> * Issue that prevented CRDs from being listed when the flag  was enabled. An accurate definition of CRDs under  is needed for it to work properly when this flag is turned on. e.g.
> 
>  If scope is unspecified it defaults to Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixes

* Fixed an issue that prevented CRDs from being listed when the `onlyNamespaceResources` parameter is set to `true`. An accurate definition of CRDs for the `customResourceDefinitions` parameter is needed for it to work properly when `onlyNamespaceResources` is `true`. For example:

```yaml
kind: CronTab.stable.example.com
scope: Namespaced
```

If scope is unspecified, it defaults to `Cluster`.
```
